Completed Codepen : https://codepen.io/noonerbozo/pen/QWbeqOJ

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
       Semantic HTML (unlike presentational HTML) has meaning that makes it easier for browsers        (and other developers) to identify and work with. It's especially important for        
       accessibility concerns.

 2. What is HTML used for? 
       HTML is used for... pretty much everything on the web. It is the skeletal structure of          the web!

 3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
       An attribute is a more specific/advanced instruction in HTML.
    
 4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       h1 tags should only be used once, preferably for the title/subject of your page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       Images and links

 6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       Pretty much everything that isn't something visible on your page... maybe the "backend"        of HTML docs?

 7. What is an id? 
       The id tag assigns a unique id to an HTML element.

 8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       Any!

 9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
       Once!

 10. What is a class? 
        The class tag also assigns a unique id to an element.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any!

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want... I THINK.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        <a href="https://www.w3schools.com" target="_blank">Visit W3Schools.com!</a>
    
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The alt attribute describes the image for those who use screenreaders. And if the image         is broken, it will describe what you're supposed to be looking at!

15. How do I reference an id?
        #idName {

        }

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section tag is semantic and a div is strictly presentational.

 17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for decorating our HTML!

 18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }

 19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might         use each one
        You'd use a class if you had multiple elements you wanted to have the same attribute           and you'd use a class if you knew these attributes were to be unique to this one
        element.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className {

         }

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {

        }
    
 22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        A parent child selector selects all "children" of its parent. That is the only way I            can describe it, lol.
        
 23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar {

        }

24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Per CSSTricks.com: Pseudo class selectors are CSS selectors with a colon preceding             them. :D

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1 px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {

        } 

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* You can't see me! */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 


32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm filename.txt
        
34. Why should I use version control? 
        You will have a record of everything you've done. You'll be able to go back in time and         reverse the damage you've done!! D:

35. How often should I commit to github?
        Any time you make a significant (or minor, even) change.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork repo on github, add TL as collaborator, clone repo, create branch in gitbash with         your id, do project, commit/comment often, add/push, create pull request, add TL as             reviewer, TL checks off

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
